Retrospective meeting held 4/2/2025, 9:30AM

what went right and wrong during the previous sprint?
    -Most of us got started on work late.
    -Deployment was a big issue and should have been figured out well before demo time.
    -More documentation on how files are meant to interact with each other should have been made.
    -Our front-end looks very pretty like the figma design.

what changes (if any) need to be made regarding procedure?
    -We need to update our Jira backlog during or immediately after SCRUM meetings, and utilize it for task distribution.
    -Add comments to our code.
    -Add additional usage instructions for teammates.

what adjustments might need to be made to the product backlog?
    -We need to add tasks to do during SCRUM meetings.
    -We need to claim tasks before beginning work on them.
    -We need to regularly update task status and time distributions
